Hello everyone and welcome to despite a tutorial in this video we are going to continue where we left
off in the previous one.
The first task that we have to do for distributed training project is to import all dependencies that
we have for this project.
We will need time just to compare how fast it is going to take for distributed model to run the training
process over the non distributed one will use the name PI for image reshaping and other matrix operations.
Then we will need tens of.
As always we are going to use it for building neural networks let us make sure that our tensile flow
is indeed flow 2.0.
If you execute these cell you can track it and indeed it is 2.0.
Point out the main task for this video is to perform data pre processing stage for this example.
We are going to use the famous dataset called amnesty or handwritten digits.
We are going to imported from the tens of low library.
The first thing that we have to do is to write X train comma Y train in brackets followed by comma and
the second part is the output from the function.
But for the test set now we will need to specify from which part of the tensor flow library.
We are going to import the MLS data set so right dear God care us not a data set but amnesty not load
data execute a cell.
It is going to download it and save it to those four variables.
The next step of our data processing is image normalization.
As you already know we performed image normalization in previous projects.
We are going to mainly do that to accelerate training process if we perform the training of neural networks
on the raw images.
That means big solar ranging from zero to two hundred and fifty five.
It is going to take a bit longer to convert to overcome this possibility.
Let us divide both x strain and next test by two hundred and fifty five because of that all pig cells
will range from 0 to 1 Let's start by doing that for X train so right X strain is equal to x strain
divided by two hundred and fifty five.
But I'm using that dot to convert all pixels from integer to float.
It's easier to perform multiplication or operations in terms of flow graph when you have floating numbers.
That's the main reason why I'm converting from integer to floats the next part is to do the same thing
for X test so right x test equal to x test divided by two hundred and fifty five execute a cell and
before we jump into dataset reshaping Let's check what is the shape of X train so right extreme dot
shape.
And as you can see the x train has sixty thousand images where each image is twenty eight by twenty
eight due to the reason of using fully connected networks.
We need to reshape these images to be in vector size and not matrix for.
Let's write X train is equal to x trend or reshape minus one.
We are going to take all images from the dataset all sixty thousand of them and it is the reason why
we are using minus one and now followed by 28 times 28.
It is going to reshape all sixty thousand images to be instead of what twenty eight by twenty eight
to sixty thousand by seven hundred and eighty four.
Let us do the same thing for X test so right x test is equal to x test and to reshape minus 1 28 times
28.
Execute the cell.
Now let's check again the shape of X train.
And as you can see it is now sixty thousand by seven hundred eighty four.
That's what we wanted.
We have our data set prepared for training of any neural network which is fully connected to one in
the next two video we are going to start by defining our non distributed network.
If you have any questions or comments please post them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll see in the next tutorial.